Detail resourceset usage in Backup docs (#1603)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/backup-restore-configuration/backup-configuration.md

| `schedule` |  Provide the cron string for scheduling recurring backups.  |
| `retentionCount` |  Provide the number of backup files to be retained.  |

## ResourceSet

While users can create their own resourceSets to backup custom applications, two resourceSets for backing up Rancher itself are officially maintained and are created by default with the `rancher-backup` operator. These are called `rancher-resource-set-basic` and `rancher-resource-set-full`. The difference between them is whether they include secrets or not in the backups. 

When choosing the basic option, no Kubernetes Secrets will be backed up to prevent confidential information from being inserted in the backup files, so the user is responsible for keeping and re-deploying them safely. 

> The full option, however, backs up all essential Secrets to ensure Rancher continues running smoothly after a restore or migration. In this case the user is heavily advised to enable encryption with a strong key to prevent sensitive information from being stored in plain-text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rancher-resource-set-full` includes all essential secrets in the backup files to ensure Rancher continues running smoothly after a restore or migration. To avoid storing sensitive information in plain text, we strongly advise you to enable encryption with a strong key.
```

:::note Important:

> A third resourceSet `rancher-resource-set` is also included by default with the Operator. This is a legacy definition, currently deprecated and no longer maintained, being kept only for compatibility reasons. It will be removed in Rancher v2.12. Please update your Backup CRs to use either `rancher-resource-set-full` or `rancher-resource-set-basic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rancher-resource-set` is also included by default with the `rancher-backup` operator. However, this ResourceSet is deprecated and is only being kept for backwards compatibility reasons. `rancher-resource-set` will be removed in Rancher v2.12. Please update your Backup custom resources to use either `rancher-resource-set-full` or `rancher-resource-set-basic`.
```
